
Is it okay if i record this interview? 

Yes, of course. 

Thank you. My name is Juan Camilo, and the purpose of this interview is to talk with potential users of an application that we want to develop. Idea of the application is the following. We want to create a virtual map of the university with various features, like showing where all the buildings are and finding good places to eat. First off, could you introduce yourself? 

Sure. My name is Mariana and i work at the university. At the economics school. I am also doing my masters right now in applied economics. All right. So, first off, i want to know if you see yourself using an application, like the one i described, Yes, i think i could be a potential user.
Um, i go every day to the university and i could sure use some insights on. Good places to eat wear different. Faculties are And what good places to study or chill are 

Okay. What kind of features do you want to see in an application like this one? 

Uh, i think The best feature would be places to eat after covid. I think there was a rearrangement of all. Restaurants. And i don't really have. Like information on what the new restaurants are or where they are. So i think i would like to see Um, Yeah. Places to eat and maybe like a rating or an average price is of the Food.
Also, i think that, um, For example, for places to study. Or just to be. It would be nice to know. What the times of high occupation are and what the times of low occupation are? Right.

 So, how useful do you think an application like this one could be and also Who do you think would use an application like this?

Well, first off, i think, um, People like just getting into the university, like people in the first semester. Uh, i remember that was very tough at first, like you couldn't find the buildings where you had classes and everything. So to be able to have like a roadmap of where, where to go, that would be quite nice.
And also will people like myself that are looking to have lunch or even dinner. Um, I i would definitely be using the application. That's great. 

That's great. And, uh, what kind of problems do you think this application solves? 

Well, first, i think it would be much better than the actual map that the university has right now.
That map is There's so much information on just one picture and it's very hard to actually like zoom in and be able to know where to go when you're looking for buildings for example. And also i think if you have the low occupation and high occupation times, Um, I could like, for me, i could be able to Know, when to go to the places.
Especially if i'm looking like not to be in line for too much or i have to have a quick dinner or something. That that could be very useful. 
Also, i think that having all this information handy, Will be useful to discover new places. The university has so much to offer. So much to do so many places to eat, and Well, i really don't like it. Going exploring. So having this information handy, will just let me know where to go directly and also maybe try new places.

So, do you think the problem lies in not knowing where to go? Or just wanting to find new places around the university. 

Uh, so i think those are two different problems and they're both real problems that anyone can experience while attending the university. Um, it's difficult to know where to go, if you don't know where the places ar. And well, that would lead to going to the same places every time. So, It would be nice to be able to have the information to know where to go and to be able to vary your options. 

Right. Thank you so much for your time and your insights.

Yeah, no problem. Anytime i'll be ready when the application is. 

All right. Thank you.